Add hints in the ReadMe (#32)
eclipse-ankaios/ank-sdk-python: README.md

                    [workload_name][workload_id].state))
```

For more details, please visit:
* [Ankaios documentation](https://eclipse-ankaios.github.io/ankaios/latest/)
* [Python SDK documentation](https://eclipse-ankaios.github.io/ank-sdk-python/)

> * [Fleet connector example](https://eclipse-ankaios.github.io/ankaios/latest/usage/tutorial-fleet-management/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Especially the the Ankaios [fleet management tutorial](https://eclipse-ankaios.github.io/ankaios/latest/usage/tutorial-fleet-management/) gives a great overview on the usage of the SDK.
```
